I know it's not public indictment.
Now we were talking about General Law.
And I think that you testified that General Law
and testimony on the night of October 14th,
you considered with being with critical of Secretary C.
I said to her that he, maybe I should not characterize
the General Law and said that,
if you would try and convey what he knew about the situation.
It was only when Senator McCarthy and the committee
came on their scene that he had any success
until he was something about it, that's what he said.
Well now, as a matter of fact, General Law
in making the reference that he better not talk to you
was really saying himself the time bomb
by security regulations and therefore I can't tell you
some of these things.
Now what he said.
Law, he said what he said.
He said what he said, sir, you're asking me to read his mind about that.
And I think that's the question which only General Law
can answer.
Well you and I know, sir, that when you read a transcript
in Coldheart's print, it doesn't always read the way it was said.
And I have the transcript here and I wasn't there.
So I have to interrogate you.
It's the weather now that it isn't the fact that General Law
really meant to convey this odd as far as you know
that he was bound by security regulations
and through all of the questions.
I can only give you an opinion on that.
Well you were there, I'd like your opinions there.
My opinion was that that was not what he meant.
Thank you.
Well now that was on our cell with the 14, right?
Yes.
And I believe that one of the memorandums that has been submitted
to the president and have been run into evidence here
is that you and the senators thought that Secretary Steven
was intent about this testimony.
I think I use the right word, don't I?
You might probably be right, sir.
Yeah, I'm with you, December 17th.
December 17th.
The references to the fact that the secretary was in defense
about the testimony, right?
Yes.
Now as the matter of factness is called,
the first time, and you so satisfied, I believe,
that the question of removing General Law was brought
to your attention or the senators was on November the 24th.
That's the first time that they were actual plans to remolding yesterday.
But I know of.
But you know of?
Yes.
The first time that you were attention at that time.
Now between October the 14th and November the 24th,
it is a fact that it's not that General Law's own way
is speaking about certain large universities in the country.
I do know, sir.
I'd rather get the...
Certainly, you may consider it.
Look at anything you'd like.
I know that he has some vast confidence
with people of a sport environment
in which he discussed the investigation.
And that includes the University of America,
you went to, and the one I went to, didn't it?
Yes, sir.
I think it did.
What was the date of that?
I don't know where you went.
Now I think it's obvious, all right?
You had to come.
I went to come here.
Both findings.
I'm sure that fine institutions there, I would go.
Well, we don't have to ask.
I would say that if they had a little prompt or action
in taking out some communist professions,
I would be much happier about it.
Well, let's not argue.
Your friend James Stein went to Harmon's too.
I'm sure he was there.
Well, let's not argue.
Well, when did this occur?
These speeches?
Uh, would you give me about a minute to look at something here
and then I'll try to answer your questions.
All right.
I'll give you time to step anyway.
No, you're having a nut up.
Well, they are looking for some of their material.
Let's return to it.
Oh, sir.
How much time do I have?
You have a five-well minute.
That's about all of it.
I can help you in any way, Mr. Thomas.
I'll be with you, sir.
Mr. St. Clair still has five minutes of question time
of former Mr. Cohen.
Mr. Cohen is now looking through some material every day.
Is that good for him by me?
Yes.
I'm fine.
I'm back in again.
That's no, no, no, no, no.
I don't know the date.
Whatever you say.
I'll take the date.
Well, let's go, yeah, I have a phone set of documents that will help.
What's the date of it?
Middle, middle, middle, middle, middle.
I'll be very fairly.
It wasn't until after that the announcement of those speeches came along.
That you heard anything about, and you've done a lot.
Isn't that so?
I'm not sure.
That's right.
You're right.
I was talking about it.
And if the Secretary was particularly incensed about the testimony
and I told him the 14th to the extent that he was going to release the general for that,
he's pretty slow to anger, isn't he, Mr. Cohen?
No, I wouldn't say so, sir.
Well, I'll talk about the 14th of November, the 24th is about 40 days, isn't it?
A lot happened during those 40 days, sir.
That's right.
A lot happened.
Then one of the things that I did was I was going to say to the Secretary
for 40 days, sir.
That's right.
A lot happened.
Then one of the things that happened were certain speeches were made about strict university.
Other things that happened there were the general for that, sir.
I'll show you once and...
I'll give you every chance as you and I will just say anything you want.
But I must say that you asked my question first.
Well, I'm trying to answer that.
You said a lot of things, sir.
And I'm trying to tell you what happened.
I didn't ask you what happened.
Well, may I tell you what happened?
After I'm through, sir, you can do anything you want.
But as I'm concerned, but I assume the chairman is still running the committee.
Well, I'm not disputing that in any way.
I have no idea.
I'd like to give you a full answer to your question if you want to try.
I'll do what.
I'm simply asking you if it isn't true that one of the things that happened was certain speeches were made about certain large universities.
No, there it's not.
That's not one of the things that happened.
The speeches were not about large universities.
In part at least?
I wouldn't even say in part.
You would not say the position that you did not allow to never mention any of any universities in this speech.
I would say he did mention them.
He did mention them in a very complementary way.
I don't think he mentioned them in the derogatory way, sir.
No.
I do not.
Well, to embarrass they teach communism is not very complementary.
I don't believe he said that, sir.
But anyway, with after those speeches, the few first heard of any plans to relieve it.
That's right.
Funnologically, yes.
And you heard no plans of no plans to relieve them before those speeches.
This is not right.
I heard no definite plans to relieve them.
I heard plans about other things.
All right, but I'm talking about plans to relieve them.
Is that right?
Yes.
And if your testimony, that's the six, I'm sorry.
Did you want to make an answer?
Yes, I'm trying to tell you this is dangerous.
But a lot of things happened.
A lot of action was taken against General Lott during those 40 days.
Hey, sir.
Yes, sir.
It's still remaining true.
Does it not, Mr. Cohn, that you heard of no plans to relieve General Lott and to ask
the certain speeches remain?
Yes, sir.
And if you heard of no plans to relieve them before those speeches remain?
Do you still say that General Lott and was to be relieved because of his cooperation with your committee?
I don't have the slightest touch on my mind with that.
All right.
Even though the testimony that you've pinned that on occurred more than 40 days before you first heard that he was going to be relieved.
I don't think it's only on that testimony.
I think that I'm...
Well, I'm having on that testimony.
No, sir.
I think that's...
Well, the memorandum says that this senator was supposed to see secretary was incensed about it.
I'm pinning that report.
I'm pinning that on what John Adams told me, told him to McRothi, told Frank Sauer and I'm badly told other people.
Yes, but since memorandum December 17th simply says that apparently they were particularly...
particularly reminded him incensed about Lott and statement in executive section that it was impossible to get necessary cooperation
or to clean up until our committee hearings come in.
All right?
Yes, sir.
Now, who ever wrote that memorandum had in mind to say that he was not a secretary.
Who ever wrote that memorandum?
No, whoever wrote that memorandum had in mind to that's what he was pinning it on, isn't that right?
One of the things very...
The only thing he meant.
The only thing he said was that...
That's the testimony.
That's my testimony.
That means there are other things I can tell you what they were.
Okay.
Carol had seven mishomes.
Seven mishomes.
I think Carol and I have many cousins there, I'm still over.
With the colonel believing that we've committed a Friday to the Camptilmer.
And I certainly committee will not be able to continue with one of the responsible lapses.
The lapis and I will...
This vest and pulp that's finally a long one.
Very nice.
I took the thumbs over here after the Mr. Fees and the animals.
The ants, the persons that have to do with the issues.
So we can get rid of some of the witnesses who perform at the Camptilmer's lead Friday.
I think we've had a great way at the time with all of them giving up our ten minutes.
But if you may have covered the issues, you have not been doing that.
It's too out.
I'm going to put this in practice.
I mean, this occasion of November 24th and 25th Mr. Colton,
when you say Mr. Adams talked to you about relieving the general law.
Mr. Carpethan.
I'm sure you guys have some of the questions.
And you sure of that?
Yes, I am.
I'm meeting with you.
Now I'm talking about an entirely different subject.
Perhaps not earth-cattering and some that have already been thought about.
I think some of them are important.
Do you recall the occasion of October 21st, which you testified that Mr. Adams asked you to get some tickets to a fight?
Yes, sir.
You said that on that occasion, Mr. Adams, Mr. Carpethan, you answered the fight.
That was a fourth first.
Who was that?
Who was the fourth first?
I don't know his name.
You were the friend of Mr. Carpethan.
Now, that person remained with you almost throughout the entire evening, didn't he?
No, sir.
Mr. Adams, Mr. Carpethan, I came up from Washington together and I'm playing a fourth person.
It was not there.
We went to my house, but then it was a fourth person.
We spent some time there.
If it didn't, he was not there.
The very fault that we called left the tickets for him.
At Mr. Adams Hotel on the way to the fight, and he joined up with the fight sometimes.
And we may redo the balance speech later.
I'm inclined to think that he did not there.
I'm not sure about that.
Well, now, incidentally, you said that, probably, you paid for those tickets.
Yes, I did.
Did you tell Mr. Adams who paid for them?
On that occasion?
Sure, I did.
Well, then the question of paying for the tickets came up on that occasion.
No, no.
Well, then why did they have a house?
There was no ESC to get to ticket.
What did you tell him who paid for them on that occasion?
There was some discussion before I got the tickets.
I have the tickets we're going to be gotten.
He asked if I could get them free.
He had something else.
What if you asked him the first question?
I think I told him I didn't think I could.
All right.
And what did I get the tickets?
Now, I take it, if you say that he was your guest on that occasion.
So you don't want to raise any YouTube on it.
All right?
About his nice things to the check out.
None of them.
All right.
Now did he also ask you to get a hotel room for him that evening?
He had asked me to get a hotel room for him.
So I'm not sure whether it's that evening.
I think it's probably what.
If I was to get to you that it was, would you agree with me?
Well, I was two or three times the ESC to get a hotel room for him.
What's up?
The set we might have been one of the occasions.
When did he ask you that?
About the hotel room?
Yes.
Although it's too early to attend.
No, I'm not told it's 21st.
I don't really know.
Was it before you went to New York?
I imagine.
So I don't remember.
And did you make a reservation for him?
The ESC is going to get it under my control.
Did he ask you anything about things?
Were you paying for that room, right?
I mean, did he ask you to pay for that?
There was a discussion.
And I'm not sure this is the occasion Mr. Pink.
Well, sorry, well, it might have been in probably what.
Mr. Adams would say it's the first time he was in New York
at the World War, I believe.
And he found that it was rather expensive.
He then asked me if they'd signed to not get a rate at some other place.
So they within the hotel business.
I agree with him.
The World War probably was expensive.
I told the day, I don't know what I thought today.
First of all, I thought today's office about it.
And it occurred to me that they made a reservation for him at the great hotel.
It also occurred to me on that that Mr. Adams said
if there were to be a discount or something like that,
he did not want the bill sent to Dave Shine.
He would rather have a sense of me, and that he would pay me for it.
I then recall that after he stayed at the hotel, he told me,
and I gave all the instructions today, secretary,
yes, I stayed at the hotel.
Mr. Adams told me that when he went to pay the bill,
they were not giving him a discount with blanks high price.
And he said, pay them right then and there.
And the bulk of the price has been too high.
And that he had taken care of it himself right then and there.
And it had been no discount.
And that's...
Well, in many events, you left instructions that the hotel
to have the bill sent to you.
No, I didn't.
That's an indirect.
No, it's very cool.
I thought Dave Shine's office told him to get a gun out of the hotel.
And then Adam, say, hotel room, see if they could get a discount
or whatever you're for in the hotel business.
For that's a happy bill sent to me, not to Dave Shine.
And that Mr. Adams would say me for it.
That didn't happen, though, because he paid the bill himself.
And he said they didn't give him any discount.
I never checked it, see whether they had given him one or not.
I don't know.
The instructions, the hotel is these, where the bill is sent to you.
That would be right.
And that when I don't know...
When Mr. Adams checked out, he paid it directly to the job.
That's what he told me.
Well, you have no doubt about it.
No, not at all.
Now, on the theater tickets, you testify that you were very happy
to get these four Mr. Adams in his two ends, all right?
And you said you sent him a bill for it.
Well, I tell you.
This moment, and you said you sent him a bill.
Yeah, he was going to pay me for it.
No, not any doubt.
You never did send him a bill, did you?
No, I didn't.
Is there any reason why you didn't let the cons?
Yes, there is.
Was the reason you had to deal with private charge?
No, not at all.
None?
No, absolutely not.
Well, then what is the reason you never sent him a bill?
The reason is, before I sent him a bill, I had to go to my office and get the bill,
and track it down, and have no idea about why I didn't have something to send.
I had not done that up to the time he paid me for it.
I had no matter of two months.
That's my very little bit, though.
Did you have any intention of overtending him that bill?
I had every intention to send you a bill.
Did you take me two months to send a bill?
Oh, it usually takes me five collect money to someone I get tickets for,
or I would say it might take me four to six months.
It's going to depend on my...
You can't take her to the finance.
Well, I don't know about that.
First of all, I got to go to my office for those times I did so not answer the tickets before,
because they'll come every month for every two months or whatever the arrangement is.
I then got to get the bill, and they'll up at my office, they'll mark out what it is,
what it's for, and when I get around to that, I'll pull with the belt of the person for whom I got the tickets.
And I better say here, sir, that I don't make a specialty of getting tickets,
because since it came up, I've gotten wired from people asking me to get some theater and world-fairy tickets.
That's all for the board.
You have to lift the wealth of the business.
Now, Mr. Will.
This time left on this side.
That time is going first.
I think I ought to help you send off the possible requests that you have on a national,
qualified audience for theater tickets.
And I'll help warn everybody now. Please don't do it.
Thank you, sir.
Now, Mr. Cohn, the new turn to volume 24 of the record here.
Page 4, not all record here.
Page 4398.
I don't have that...
Mr. Julianna, we'll find it for you.
Yes, Mr. Julianna.
You go right ahead to the first time.
Why are you looking for it, Mr. Julianna?
Would you get to page 2606, which we may or may not need?
Now, where is the scope for a...
The first is 4398.
4398.
From volume 24.
I'm always the next one.
Well, we may need page 2606.
I'm not so sure we will, but you're going to have to correct a date on the...
In connection with 4398, if volume 24 is correct.
Yeah, I see a mistaken date, right?
Well, I can't.
Well, you've got a very quick find, Mr. Cohn.
The date that appears there is October 14th, I reckon, should be...
January 14th.
You're right, that's in the safe in the trenches.
It should be January 14th.
Well, that's not the case in the record, or it's...
...by two mistakes in these transcripts for the speed of the...
...but they come out, the record is going and outstanding just.
They do indeed, and I've noticed it, because I've seen a lot of transcripts.
That is the only date that I have seen wrong in the transcript,
and it could be...
It could even be that you stated it wrong by mistake for all you and I know now.
Is that not right?
Good evening, sir.
In any event, we do know that the date should be January 14th.
Yes, sir, that's the date.
Now, calling your attention to your testimony,
would you run your ride down the page 4398 and turn it over at...
...read at the top of page 4399?
Yes, sir.
I'll do that.
I'm particularly interested in the first two lines at the top of 4399.
What was being discussed, Mr. Cohn, on that occasion?
A lot of things, sir.
Well, what was being discussed particularly with virtue on the page 2, which I call your attention?
About the overseas...
...for what, gentlemen?
About what, sir?
For what, man?
Cohn.
Overseas for chines.
That was being discussed.
There's no doubt about that, is it?
No, there's no doubt.
And it's that...
...when you say the things, it's quite a fortifying that you're out.
Well, you wait to tell me that.
Well, he had a nice...
He said so too.
And on page 4399, he not only brought it up, but as I understand your testimony, he brought it up pretty nasty like, is that right?
He...
Okay, that's what he gets his question for, yes.
Is that right, sir?
Yes, sir.
And I suppose that was a critical a conversation with Mr. Adams in respect of his chines, if he would ever have with the chines.
You mean, the chines?
I wouldn't say that.
I agree.
Carol, Pat, and his mother.
And is it my right?
And in the county?
Mr. Welk.
I wanted to report to you.
So in the county of Cohn, Mr. Feng Slery was referring to speeches made by General Lawton, and I don't have the newspaper account.
And finally, I told one of the speeches that he was talking to the staff in regards to security.
And that this is a reflected meeting and somebody that knows and gives them to be trapped.
That's right.
Yes, that's right.
That's right, that's right.
And so when we got my idea of what's...
And he said, he said, the story to remarks for General Lawton were taken down by one of the scientists from the laboratories within the lecture and made available.
Often, the intensity was expected other persons would tend to the same lecture.
Another lecture delivered to the liver of the general.
And he was in the county what he said.
So he gave unqualified support to Senator Matrache and his methods and apt him effect.
Do you order any subversive son of the university before Matrache?
Or they end up a signal call of the form of housing?
At the same time, the general praised the laboratory personnel and then tried to be important to their work.
He also reported the praise Senator William Gerner and his committee for rooting us throughout.
He then said that Matrache had done a good job at the signal call here in New York.
And I added that he sat in and was impressed by Matrache's fairness and credit rates to all the witnesses that were reported.
General Lawton allegedly said the army investigations and handling of army security cases was hampered by regulation until Matrache 4th Stephen was detained.
Then they go and rule for the finally cut about the school.
General Lawton reported that the committee talks with the D.I.s and the laboratories indicated that those D.I.s had gotten a trouble in the army with some certain universities.
The director is clear that Mr. St. Pair was talking about the speeches.
Actually, he was referring to staff.
The talk was to be staff, the people who worked at the laboratory closed meetings.
Yes, I believe they were.
Have you seen the memorandum which indicated that Mr. Stephen was asked with the lawful explanation of why he would praise Matrache and why he would blame certain colleges for the communists they might have turned out?
I did not read the memorandum in detail. I did get a glance at the inspection in which General Lawton had to explain what he said about the congressional committee investigating communists and doing a good job.
Yes, sir.
And, but make the least a section I believe was nine in which he had to explain to Mr. Stephen what he meant by saying that Senator McCarthy had been responsible for getting out of communists think along those lines.
It's a term that's very cold and I remember you mean I'd be expecting this.
So, there it goes. Mr. Stephen's or Mr. Adam's or Mr. Wells were ordered by the sheriff to produce that memorandum.
These are the same questions as the young over the course.
If I am expecting that, I wonder if the memorandum has been produced.
If I am not expecting that, I wonder if I could be able to produce that now.
The sheriff is advised on the difficulty that we have the memorandum in the case of the death.
Is that a nut? I assume that's not flat, but I think that I wonder if I could see that.
Mr. Ferb?
Of course, it does not have any many movement. You won't get it. I make it available for you.
Thank you.
Mr. Wells, we have time now.
Now, Mr. Corn, referring to the two lines that I have read to you about conversation about time going overseas.
You characterized the conversation as follows. Mr. Adams threw that in right then at this point, I think, as an example of how he could get that.
Now, Mr. Corn, will you be good enough to send your attention on the conversation as you know our witness should and tell us his substance.
As soon as you can call it back to your memory, what Adams said to you and what you said to him.
Sorry, what's that transcript again? I'll get it right here.
You want to answer everything that I mentioned? I want in simple English what we said by on that date in substance.
I'm Mr. Adams to you and by you, Mr. Adams, about date time.
About date time? Right. Just that part. Sure. Very close, sir. That's why it follows a statement by Mr. Adams, the part that he didn't think he was cooperating with him.
The investigation was going on and on. The loyalty board members were coming in.
Mr. Corn, you don't need to tell me about that part. You had a discussion about calling loyalty board members. Didn't you? Not only that, sir. We had a discussion.
So, didn't you just have that? It's kind of a conversation about loyalty board. That was discussed.
And they're very bitter or certainly a some sweet disagreement about whether they could or couldn't be called.
They were just disagreements about it, sir. Right.
Now putting that behind you just move forward since they're talking about date time, if you will.
Yes, sir. And in giving you that book, I have to put it in context because it'll be later to something.
You know what the context is because you've been discussing loyalty board. Not just tell us what was said about time and what was said by him about time and what was said about you, as I have said in simple every day.
Yes, sir. The context was not just loyalty board. It was a general area of the fort learning investigation.
Why we were not stopping it. Why the loyalty board was coming in and Mr. Adams said he did not think that we were cooperating with him.
He then came out and thought some steps that how it would be like if he had been trying to oversee it.
He could be unfulfilled of two things along those lines.
Not along those lines just tell us what he said. I can't tell you it's exactly what it's like.
You know, I know Mr. Cohen, you and I are lawyers. We know what a whipson has to do.
All he has to do is to recall the substance of what it says.
That's what I do.
I think you have said he said how would he like it if he said shine overseas?
I'm giving the fuck to him.
Is that right? That the fuck to squad. He was going to do something about changing.
No, not just what he said. I don't know what he was going to do. I just want to know what he said.
I can't give you the flow.
Did he say in substance? How would you like it if he had seen it?
That's my bad, his way of words.
If I have to explain the great question of Mr. Welk here, but I think he should.
Not repeatedly interrupt the whipson.
He doesn't like the answer. He bought the sentence that's not the question.
I think it's what he's buying the sentence in the trial.
Mr. Stevens has an extremely short event.
And he should be entitled to make the answer that he wants to make.
I met Cuyd Blancmore just before.
Would you just try to use the English language and tell us in substance?
I have to add a fit to you that you heard about sending Cyan over to.
Just tell us to us at long last.
How would you like it if that's the way he'd be?
If the world, I'm sorry, sir. You said once before, you wanted to be fit.
You say that long last. It is not a long last.
I told this conversation to Mr. Jenkins for the first time he ever asked me.
Why?
He did long last in this house.
Now let's get up fast. Please. Tell us.
I said it to you twice today. I'll tell you the third time.
The first thing that Cuyd Blancmore said was that Mr. Adams had been talking to us about failure and colloquialism
getting a month of investigation in the world before it's called war.
We had a discussion about that and he came out what he said in substance was.
Well, how would you people like it if I arranged to have Cyan sent overseas?
I think the uncooperative schools think along those lines.
That's the way that Cyan Blancmore said he came about.
How would you like it?